in the seventh year jehoiada
in the seventh year jehoiada strengthened himself and made a covenant
strengthened himself and made a covenant
strengthened himself and made a covenant with the captains of hundreds
with the captains of hundreds
with the captains of hundreds Azariah the son of Girona Ishmael the
Azariah the son of Girona Ishmael the
Azariah the son of Girona Ishmael the son of jiha Hainan Azariah the son of
son of jiha Hainan Azariah the son of
son of jiha Hainan Azariah the son of Obed Mei Aesir the son of a daya and
Obed Mei Aesir the son of a daya and
Obed Mei Aesir the son of a daya and Alicia fat the son of Zechariah and they
Alicia fat the son of Zechariah and they
Alicia fat the son of Zechariah and they went throughout pewter and gathered the
went throughout pewter and gathered the
went throughout pewter and gathered the Levites from all the cities of Judah and
Levites from all the cities of Judah and
Levites from all the cities of Judah and the chief fathers of Israel and they
the chief fathers of Israel and they
the chief fathers of Israel and they came to Jerusalem then all the Assembly
came to Jerusalem then all the Assembly
came to Jerusalem then all the Assembly made a covenant with the king in the
made a covenant with the king in the
made a covenant with the king in the house of God and he said to them behold
house of God and he said to them behold
house of God and he said to them behold the king's son shall reign as the Lord
the king's son shall reign as the Lord
the king's son shall reign as the Lord has said of the sons of David this is
has said of the sons of David this is
has said of the sons of David this is what you shall do one third of you
what you shall do one third of you
what you shall do one third of you entering on the sabbath of the priests
entering on the sabbath of the priests
entering on the sabbath of the priests and the Levites shall be keeping watch
and the Levites shall be keeping watch
and the Levites shall be keeping watch over the doors one third shall be at the
over the doors one third shall be at the
over the doors one third shall be at the king's house and one third at the gate
king's house and one third at the gate
king's house and one third at the gate of the foundation all the people shall
of the foundation all the people shall
of the foundation all the people shall be in the courts of the house of the
be in the courts of the house of the
be in the courts of the house of the Lord but let no one come into the house
Lord but let no one come into the house
Lord but let no one come into the house of the Lord except the priests and those
of the Lord except the priests and those
of the Lord except the priests and those of the Levites who serve they may go in
of the Levites who serve they may go in
of the Levites who serve they may go in for they are holy but all the people
for they are holy but all the people
for they are holy but all the people shall keep the watch of the Lord and the
shall keep the watch of the Lord and the
shall keep the watch of the Lord and the Levites shall surround the key on all
Levites shall surround the key on all
Levites shall surround the key on all sides every man with his weapons in his
sides every man with his weapons in his
sides every man with his weapons in his hand
hand
hand and whoever comes into the house
and whoever comes into the house
and whoever comes into the house let him be put to death you ought to be
let him be put to death you ought to be
let him be put to death you ought to be with the king when he comes in and when
with the king when he comes in and when
with the king when he comes in and when he goes out so the Levites and all Judah
he goes out so the Levites and all Judah
he goes out so the Levites and all Judah did according to all the jehoiada the
did according to all the jehoiada the
did according to all the jehoiada the priest commanded and each man took his
priest commanded and each man took his
priest commanded and each man took his men who were to be on duty on the
men who were to be on duty on the
men who were to be on duty on the Sabbath with those who were going off
Sabbath with those who were going off
Sabbath with those who were going off duty on the Sabbath for Jew hired of the
duty on the Sabbath for Jew hired of the
duty on the Sabbath for Jew hired of the priest had not dismissed the divisions
priest had not dismissed the divisions
priest had not dismissed the divisions and jehoiada the priest gave to the
and jehoiada the priest gave to the
and jehoiada the priest gave to the captains of hundreds the Spears and the
captains of hundreds the Spears and the
captains of hundreds the Spears and the large and small shields which had
large and small shields which had
large and small shields which had belonged to King David there were in the
belonged to King David there were in the
belonged to King David there were in the temple of God then he said all the
temple of God then he said all the
temple of God then he said all the people every man with his weapon in his
people every man with his weapon in his
people every man with his weapon in his hand from the right side of the temple
hand from the right side of the temple
hand from the right side of the temple to the left side of the temple along by
to the left side of the temple along by
to the left side of the temple along by the altar and by the temple all around
the altar and by the temple all around
the altar and by the temple all around the King and they brought out the king's
the King and they brought out the king's
the King and they brought out the king's son but the crown on him gave him the
son but the crown on him gave him the
son but the crown on him gave him the testimony and made him king then
testimony and made him king then
testimony and made him king then jehoiada and his sons anointed him long
jehoiada and his sons anointed him long
jehoiada and his sons anointed him long live the king yet now when atholea heard
live the king yet now when atholea heard
live the king yet now when atholea heard the noise of the people running and
the noise of the people running and
the noise of the people running and praising the king she came to the people
praising the king she came to the people
praising the king she came to the people in the temple of the Lord when she
in the temple of the Lord when she
in the temple of the Lord when she looked there was the king standing by
looked there was the king standing by
looked there was the king standing by his pillar at the entrance and the
his pillar at the entrance and the
his pillar at the entrance and the leaders and the trumpeters were by the
leaders and the trumpeters were by the
leaders and the trumpeters were by the king all the people of the land were
king all the people of the land were
king all the people of the land were rejoicing and blowing trumpets also the
rejoicing and blowing trumpets also the
rejoicing and blowing trumpets also the singers with musical instruments and
singers with musical instruments and
singers with musical instruments and those who led in praise
those who led in praise
those who led in praise so atholea tore her clothes and jehoiada
so atholea tore her clothes and jehoiada
so atholea tore her clothes and jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of
the priest brought out the captains of
the priest brought out the captains of hundreds who were set over the army take
hundreds who were set over the army take
hundreds who were set over the army take her outside under guard and slay with
her outside under guard and slay with
her outside under guard and slay with the sword whoever follows her for the
the sword whoever follows her for the
the sword whoever follows her for the priests had said
priests had said
priests had said do not kill her in the house of the Lord
so da seized her and she went by way of
so da seized her and she went by way of the entrance of the horse gate into the
the entrance of the horse gate into the
the entrance of the horse gate into the king's house and they killed her back
king's house and they killed her back
king's house and they killed her back then Jawara made a covenant between
then Jawara made a covenant between
then Jawara made a covenant between himself the people and the king that
himself the people and the king that
himself the people and the king that they should be the Lord's people and all
they should be the Lord's people and all
they should be the Lord's people and all the people went to the temple of bail
the people went to the temple of bail
the people went to the temple of bail and tore it down they broken pieces its
and tore it down they broken pieces its
and tore it down they broken pieces its altars and images and killed
altars and images and killed
altars and images and killed Matan the priests of bail before the
Matan the priests of bail before the
Matan the priests of bail before the altars also jehoiada appointed the
altars also jehoiada appointed the
altars also jehoiada appointed the oversight of the house of the lord to
oversight of the house of the lord to
oversight of the house of the lord to the hand of the priests the Levites whom
the hand of the priests the Levites whom
the hand of the priests the Levites whom David had assigned in the house of the
David had assigned in the house of the
David had assigned in the house of the Lord to offer the burnt offerings of the
Lord to offer the burnt offerings of the
Lord to offer the burnt offerings of the Lord as it is written in the law of
Lord as it is written in the law of
Lord as it is written in the law of Moses with rejoicing and with singing as
Moses with rejoicing and with singing as
Moses with rejoicing and with singing as it was established by David and he set
it was established by David and he set
it was established by David and he set the gatekeepers at the gates of the
the gatekeepers at the gates of the
the gatekeepers at the gates of the house of the Lord so that no one who was
house of the Lord so that no one who was
house of the Lord so that no one who was in any way unclean should enter then he
in any way unclean should enter then he
in any way unclean should enter then he took the captains of hundreds the nobles
took the captains of hundreds the nobles
took the captains of hundreds the nobles the governors of the people and all the
the governors of the people and all the
the governors of the people and all the people of the land and brought the king
people of the land and brought the king
people of the land and brought the king down from the house of the Lord and they
down from the house of the Lord and they
down from the house of the Lord and they went through the upper gate to the
went through the upper gate to the
went through the upper gate to the King's house and set the King on the
King's house and set the King on the
King's house and set the King on the throne of the kingdom so all the people
throne of the kingdom so all the people
throne of the kingdom so all the people of the land rejoiced and the city was
of the land rejoiced and the city was
of the land rejoiced and the city was quiet for they had slain as a liar with
quiet for they had slain as a liar with
quiet for they had slain as a liar with the soul
the soul
the soul you